doc(worker group): add screenshots and fix instructions (#2430)
kestra-io/docs: content/docs/06.enterprise/04.scalability/worker-group.md

> Worker Group is a set of workers that can be targeted specifically for a task execution or a polling trigger evaluation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Worker Group is a set of workers that can be explicitly targeted for task execution or polling trigger evaluation. For example, tasks that require heavy resources can be isolated to a Worker Group designed to handle that load, and tasks that perform best on a specific Operating System can be optimized to run on a Worker Group designed for them.
```

::badge{version=">=0.19" editions="EE"}
::

To create a new Worker Group, navigate to the **Instance** page under the **Administration** section in the UI, go to the **Worker Groups** tab and click on the `+ Add Worker Group` button. Then, set a `key`, a **Description** and optionally **Allowed Tenants**) for that worker group. You can accomplish the same via the API, CLI, or Terraform.

![Create Worker Group UI](/docs/enterprise/create-worker-group.png)

## Starting Workers for a Worker Group

Once a worker group key is created, you can start a worker with the `kestra server worker --worker-group {workerGroupKey}` flag to assign it to that worker group. You can also assign a default worker group at the namespace and tenant level.

![Worker Group UI](/docs/enterprise/worker-group-ui.png)

The Worker Groups UI tracks the health of worker groups, showing how many workers are polling for tasks within each worker group. This gives you visibility into which worker groups are active and the number of active workers.

![Worker Group UI Details](/docs/enterprise/worker-group-details.png)

::alert{type="info"}

> In order to run the command at startup, you need to run each component independently and and use the command for the worker component startup. To set this up, read more [here](../../server-cli/index.md#kestra-with-server-components-in-different-services). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to run the command at startup, you need to run each component independently and use the command for the worker component startup. To set this up, read more about running [Kestra with separated server components](../../server-cli/index.md#kestra-with-server-components-in-different-services). 
```

You can set a custom `workerGroup.key` and `workerGroup.fallback` per plugin type and/or per namespace using `pluginDefaults`.

### Fallback Behaviour at the Namespace Level

Namespaces can be configured to have a default `fallback` behaviour. It can be configured by creating a namespace manaully or modifying in the **Edit** tab of the namespace.

![Configure Worker Group for a Namespace](/docs/enterprise/worker-group-namespace.png)

> ### Fallback Behaviour at the Tenant Level

Reviewer: Is there a priority resolving if a Tenant and a Namespace have different fallback behaviors assigned?

Reviewer: That would be my assumption as well.
